1: What is Git and Github? 

2: Difference between git and github?

3: What are some alternatives of github? 

4: What are cookies and sessions? Explain their difference.

5: What is ReactJS and what happens when you change a state? Is it a library or framework?

6: What are components in reactjs? Q: What is virtual DOM in react? 

7: What is JSX? How JSX is parsed into Javascript? 

8: What is the use of Webpack?

9: Suppose website is very fast and I'm willing to make it slow what actions could be taken?

10: What is CDN? How CDN works? Q: What is Indexing in Database? 

11:Do Indexing affect only fetching or it will affect insertion and updation also? 

12: How will you move a commit from one branch to another branch? 

13: What does git stash command do?

14: Which website will be more faster the one built with javascript or the one built with react? 

15: What actions could be taken to make a website faster?

16: Where session data is get stored in backend servers? 

17: Git stores all the data in which folder?

18: How gitignore file works (kindly read this in detail) 

19: How to verify a email? 

20:Which is the best method to verify the email client-based or server-based? 

21: Will session work if we decline cookies? 

22: When reopening a website after closing it session made on that website get destroyed automatically and you need to login again. why so? 

23: What is Github's cherry-pick command? 

24: What is DOM? 

25: What is encryption and decryption?

26:What is hashing ? 

27:What is the purpose of salting? 

28: How JWT works? How symmetric and asymmetric algo works?

29:What is encryption and decryption? Different algos for encryption and hashing? 

30: Do all hashing algos generates hash value of fixed size string of characters?

31: Can be there two computers with same public IP? Q: How router assignes IP to computers? 

32: What happens when you hit a url when you are connected with a router?

33: What if two computers connected with same router are assigned same IP address?

34: How will you make a youtube like automatic video quality controller? 

35. Suppose your site is experiencing high traffic, causing lag. 

36. How would you manage it to reduce server load?

37. Lift use which data structure

38.What is event bubbling? 

39.How react re renders?

40. Design captcha system 
 
41.Design youtube quality control 

42.What is HTTP, difference between HTTP and HTTPS.

43. What is jQuery and which is more efficient jQuery or JavaScript? 

44. My website is very fast and I want to make it throttle or a bit slow, how can I achieve this behaviour

45. My website is slow even when the hardware (server, etc.) on which it is deployed is of best quality
, what could be the problem and how could I identify the problem and make the website fast?

46.What is SQL indexes ?

47.How you insert a string into a numbers only input box in HTML?

48.What's the difference between webpack plugins and loaders?

49.What are Process and Thread?

50.What is the Composer and files of it?

51.What are client side and server side validation?










 ***second technical round***
 In the second technical round the interviewer will ask you only 3 scenario based questions.

Q1 : How will you build a youtube like automatic video quality controller? Don't just read theory. 
Read how you can check network latency and how you will switch in between different quality 
of videos on the basis of network latency? Without using any javascript library 

Q2 : How will you implement a OTP verification tool without using backend? 

Q3 : Suppose there is an elevator and a person is standing on 
the 6th floor another  person is standing on the 10th floor then how it will work and what 
can be the algo and data structure used in the working of elevator?